VRF V2 Direct funding docs (#854)
smartcontractkit/documentation: docs/Using Randomness/v2-adhoc/vrf-migration-v1-v2.md

---
layout: nodes.liquid
section: ethereum
date: Last Modified
title: 'Migrating to VRF v2'
permalink: 'docs/vrf/v2/ad-hoc/migration-v1-v2/'
---

> ℹ️You are viewing the VRF v2 guide - Ad-hoc method.
>
> - To learn how to request random numbers with a subscription, see the [Subscription Method](/docs/vrf/v2/subscription/) guide.
>
> - If you are using v1, see the [VRF v1 guide](/docs/vrf/v1/introduction/).

**Table of contents**

- [Comparison between VRF v1 and VRF v2 (Ad-hoc method)](#comparison-between-vrf-v1-and-vrf-v2-ad-hoc-method)
- [Updating your applications to use VRF v2](#updating-your-applications-to-use-vrf-v2)

## Comparison between VRF v1 and VRF v2 (Ad-hoc method)

> The main similarity between VRF v1 and VRF v2 Ad-hoc method is that consuming contracts have to be funded with LINK in order to pay to request randomness. However, Chainlink VRF v2 includes several improvements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main similarity between VRF v1 and VRF v2 Ad-hoc method is that consuming contracts must be funded with LINK to pay for requests. However, Chainlink VRF v2 includes several improvements.
```

> - **Variable Callback Gas Limit:** Chainlink VRF v2 lets you adjust the callback gas limit when your smart contract application receives verifiable randomness. Consuming contracts can execute more complex logic in the callback request function that receives the random values. Tasks involving the delivered randomness are handled during the response process. The new gas limits are higher than the VRF V1 limit, and vary depending on the underlying blockchain you use. See the gas limits on the [Configuration](/docs/vrf/v2/ad-hoc/configuration/) page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Variable Callback Gas Limit:** Chainlink VRF v2 lets you adjust the callback gas limit when your smart contract application receives verifiable randomness. Consuming contracts can execute more complex logic in the callback request function that receives the random values. Tasks involving the delivered randomness are handled during the response process. The new gas limits are higher than the VRF V1 limit, and vary depending on the underlying blockchain that you use. See the gas limits on the [Configuration](/docs/vrf/v2/ad-hoc/configuration/) page.
```

- **Multiple Random Outputs in a Single Request:** The [VRF Wrapper contracts](/docs/vrf/v2/ad-hoc/configuration/) in VRF v2 allow you to request multiple random numbers (multi-word) in a single on-chain transaction, which reduces gas costs. The fulfillment is also a single transaction, which reduces the latency of responses.

## Updating your applications to use VRF v2

To modify your existing smart contract code to work with VRF v2, complete the following changes. See the [Get a Random Number](/docs/vrf/v2/ad-hoc/get-a-random-number/) guide for an example.

1. Import and inherit the new [`VRFV2WrapperConsumerBase.sol` contract](https://github.com/smartcontractkit/chainlink/blob/develop/contracts/src/v0.8/VRFV2WrapperConsumerBase.sol) and remove the v1 `VRFConsumerBase.sol` import. This contract includes the `fulfillRandomWords` function.

> 1. Add a `VRFV2WrapperConsumerBase` constructor as shown in the [Get a Random Number](/docs/vrf/v2/ad-hoc/get-a-random-number/) example and use the right VRF v2 Ad-hoc configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add a `VRFV2WrapperConsumerBase` constructor as shown in the [Get a Random Number](/docs/vrf/v2/ad-hoc/get-a-random-number/) example and use the correct VRF v2 Ad-hoc configuration.
```

> 1. You can still call `requestRandomness` function. However, the v2 `requestRandomness` function requires several different parameters (`callbackGasLimit` , `requestConfirmations` , `numWords`). See the [Configuration](/docs/vrf/v2/ad-hoc/configuration/) page to adjust them for your own needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. You can still call the `requestRandomness` function. However, the v2 `requestRandomness` function requires several different parameters (`callbackGasLimit` , `requestConfirmations` , `numWords`). See the [Configuration](/docs/vrf/v2/ad-hoc/configuration/) page to adjust them for your own needs.
```
